.TH gearman_client_add_task 3 2010-06-30 "Gearman" "Gearman"
.SH NAME
gearman_client_add_task \- Concurrent Task Interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libgearman/gearman.h>
.sp
.BI " gearman_task_st *gearman_client_add_task(gearman_client_st " *client ",  gearman_task_st " *task ",  void " *context ",  const char " *function_name ",  const char " *unique ",  const void " *workload ",  size_t " workload_size ",  gearman_return_t *ret_ptr);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Add a task to be run in parallel.
*
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.BR 
[in] client Structure previously initialized with
gearman_client_create() or gearman_client_clone().
.TP
.BR 
[in] task Caller allocated structure, or NULL to allocate one.
.TP
.BR 
[in] context Application context to associate with the task.
.TP
.BR 
[in] function_name The name of the function to run.
.TP
.BR 
[in] unique Optional unique job identifier, or NULL for a new UUID.
.TP
.BR 
[in] workload The workload to pass to the function when it is run.
.TP
.BR 
[in] workload_size Size of the workload.
.TP
.BR 
[out] ret_ptr Standard gearman return value.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, a pointer to the (possibly allocated) structure. On
failure this will be NULL.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The Gearman homepage: http://www.gearman.org/
.SH BUGS
Bugs should be reported at https://bugs.launchpad.net/gearmand
.SH COPYING
Copyright (C) 2008 Brian Aker, Eric Day. All rights reserved.

Use and distribution licensed under the BSD license. See the COPYING file in the original source for full text.
