.TH gearman_client_do 3 2010-06-30 "Gearman" "Gearman"
.SH NAME
gearman_client_do \- Single Task Interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libgearman/gearman.h>
.sp
.BI " void *gearman_client_do(gearman_client_st " *client ", const char " *function_name ",  const char " *unique ", const void " *workload ",  size_t " workload_size ", size_t " *result_size ",  gearman_return_t *ret_ptr);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Run a single task and return an allocated result.
*
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.BR 
[in] client Structure previously initialized with
gearman_client_create() or gearman_client_clone().
.TP
.BR 
[in] function_name The name of the function to run.
.TP
.BR 
[in] unique Optional unique job identifier, or NULL for a new UUID.
.TP
.BR 
[in] workload The workload to pass to the function when it is run.
.TP
.BR 
[in] workload_size Size of the workload.
.TP
.BR 
[out] result_size The size of the data being returned.
.TP
.BR 
[out] ret_ptr Standard gearman return value. In the case of
GEARMAN_WORK_DATA, GEARMAN_WORK_WARNING, or GEARMAN_WORK_STATUS, the caller
should take any actions to handle the event and then call this function
again. This may happen multiple times until a GEARMAN_WORK_ERROR,
GEARMAN_WORK_FAIL, or GEARMAN_SUCCESS (work complete) is returned. For
GEARMAN_WORK_DATA or GEARMAN_WORK_WARNING, the result_size will be set to
the intermediate data chunk being returned and an allocated data buffer
will be returned. For GEARMAN_WORK_STATUS, the caller can use
gearman_client_do_status() to get the current tasks status.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
The result allocated by the library, this needs to be freed when the
caller is done using it.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The Gearman homepage: http://www.gearman.org/
.SH BUGS
Bugs should be reported at https://bugs.launchpad.net/gearmand
.SH COPYING
Copyright (C) 2008 Brian Aker, Eric Day. All rights reserved.

Use and distribution licensed under the BSD license. See the COPYING file in the original source for full text.
